my gosh brother Nick here and today we
have qu brother Jay trying out Danny
Cash's multiple-personality sauce with
Gotham on the cover and by Mike I'm the
Danny cash was living Colorado and he
makes hot sauces there this is a limited
edition saw some in Lakewood Colorado
um and they're got this add-on a chili
store in Albuquerque New Mexico called
on chili addicts it was a very cool
store you know ingredients this is a
limited edition sauce Naga Jolokia ghost
chilies habanero chilies toasted coconut
black pepper onion smoked paprika
vinegar salt confusion and content so my
two favorite ingredients at the end
whatever in the world that is this sauce
is making me a little nervous because it
really affected crude brother Nick a lot
and curry brother Nick is normally not
affected by anything when it comes to
hot sauces so I am kind of scared of
this one and you're gonna do entire
tablespoon Oh we'll see you kind of well
yeah well why not
right yeah it's your funeral it is my
funeral isn't it oh and Emily before you
eat that um it's or any hot sauce that
it's sold in Antarctica yeah for some
reason they're there they're hot sauces
from Danny cash are the only one sold in
America all right oh gosh here we go
oh it doesn't look it does have an
interesting taste it it is real really
hot
oh my god Nick oh holy crap
oh oh Jesus that has happened
mmm well a little breathing Wow
those peppers oh the number one
ingredient goes peppers yes and in oh
here usually I can see why I thought it
is the number one ingredient because
right there Naga Jolokia number one
ingredient oh I can I can see why now I
can see why I bothered you so much um Oh
Dean oh my god
my eyes okay holy cow
my head is on fire
Oh anyway um it's uh um it has a good
taste but it is really hot um my gosh oh
so anyway good brother Nick is the
pepper master because this one's really
really burning me up yeah well thanks
for watching and see you guys later
later